= Q-Rapids Dashboard API REST Documentation
v0.3.5, {docdate}
:toc: left

:sectnums:

== Introduction
Q-Rapids dashboard RESTful services

== Alerts


=== Get all alerts

operation::alerts/get-all[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Create alert

operation::alerts/add-alert[snippets='request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response missing body parameter
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-alert-missing-param/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response wrong element type
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-alert-wrong-type/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Notify alert (deprecated)

operation::alerts/notify-alert[snippets='request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response missing body parameter
include::{snippets}/alerts/notify-alert-missing-param/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response wrong element type
include::{snippets}/alerts/notify-alert-wrong-type/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Count new alerts

operation::alerts/count-new[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/count-new-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get quality requirement patterns for alert

operation::alerts/get-qr-patterns[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response alert not found
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-qr-patterns-alert-not-found/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get alert decision

operation::alerts/get-decision[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response alert not found
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-decision-alert-not-found/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Ignore quality requirement for alert

operation::alerts/ignore-qr[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/ignore-qr-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response alert not found
include::{snippets}/alerts/ignore-qr-alert-not-found/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Add quality requirement for alert

operation::alerts/add-qr-from-alert[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response alert not found
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-not-found/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on backlog saving
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


== Quality requirements

=== Get all quality requirements

operation::qrs/get-all-qrs[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/qrs/get-all-qrs-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Add quality requirement

operation::qrs/add-qr[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response error on backlog saving
include::{snippets}/qrs/add-qr-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Ignore quality requirement

operation::qrs/ignore-qr[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/qrs/ignore-qr-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get all quality requirement patterns

operation::qrs/get-all-qr-patterns[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get single quality requirement pattern

operation::qrs/get-single-qr-pattern[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get metric for quality requirement pattern

operation::qrs/get-pattern-metric[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']



== Decisions

=== Get all decisions

operation::decisions/get-all[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


== Feedback

=== Add new feedback

operation::feedback/add-feedback[snippets='path-parameters,request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response missing body parameter
include::{snippets}/feedback/add-feedback-missing-param/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get feedback for strategic indicator

operation::feedback/get-feedback[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get feedback report for strategic indicator

operation::feedback/get-feedback-report[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']



== Quality Factors

=== Get current evaluation

operation::qf/current[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get one quality factor

operation::qf/single[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get current evaluation for strategic indicator

operation::qf/current-si[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get historical evaluation

operation::qf/current[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get historical evaluation for strategic indicator

operation::qf/current-si[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get all quality factors

operation::qf/all[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get quality factor categories

operation::qf/categories[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get prediction

operation::qf/prediction[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get prediction for strategic indicators

operation::qf/prediction-si[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Simulation

operation::qf/simulation[snippets='request-parameters,request-fields,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:



== Metrics

=== Get current evaluation

operation::metrics/current[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get single current evaluation

operation::metrics/single[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get current evaluation for quality factor

operation::metrics/current-qf[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get historical evaluation

operation::metrics/historical[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get single historical evaluation

operation::metrics/single-historical[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get historical evaluation for quality factor

operation::metrics/historical-qf[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get prediction

operation::metrics/prediction[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get prediction for quality factor

operation::metrics/prediction-qf[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on ElasticSearch connection
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-qr-from-alert-backlog-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered: